README.md, before:

# Atsy [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/epam-debrecen-rft-2015/atsy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/epam-debrecen-rft-2015/atsy)
Applicant Tracking System

Building the project:
=========================
As easy as:

     mvn clean install

Running Atsy locally:
=========================

    mvn tomcat7:run

Pre: U have mysql locally which has a database called atsy, and a user in it with details:
     travis - no password

Running integration tests as part of the build:
===============================================

    mvn clean install -Pintegration

Definition of Done
==================

1. Code is well-formatted:
  * Java source files should be formatted with `java-google-style.xml`
1. Code is well documented:
  * All public service methods have JavaDoc comments. 
  * Where necessary for understanding, non-public methods have JavaDoc as well. 
1. Data container objects have (Lombok can be used for method generation)
  * private fields
  * getter methods, 
  * setter methods,
  * toString() method overridden, 
  * hashCode() method overridden, 
  * equals() method overridden.
1. Logging is added
  * when an exepction happens,
  * when a significant event happens (user is deleted, candidate added, etc.). 
1. Database migrations scripts are honored:
  * Migration script is added if the changes require database modifications.
1. Project documentation is kept up-to-date:
  * README.md is updated if there are some changes in the application setup process.
1. Version control is kept clean:
  * Code is placed in a task related branch (feature branch)
  * Code for subtasks have a separate branch (sub-task branch)
  * Before pushing changes in branch which is not tracked remotely use git rebase
1. Pull request is created
1. Functionality does not break:
  * mvn tomcat7:run works (manual check)
  * changed feature does not break (manual check)
  * All unit tests pass
  * All integration tests pass
  * CI server could build the project
  * CI server could run tests
1. Functionality is complete:
  * Acceptance criteria is met
1. Functionality is covered with tests:
  * New classes are covered by unit and integration tests
  * Stories are covered with cucumber tests

Lombok
======

1. home page:
https://projectlombok.org/index.html

1. features:
https://projectlombok.org/features/

1. download:
https://projectlombok.org/download.html

1. installion details:
https://github.com/mplushnikov/lombok-intellij-plugin

User credentials
=================

User | Password | Stored hash | Environment description  
---- | -------- | ----------- | -----------------------  
Dev | pass2 | $2a$04$QSJkUouEDGfbWAtuxnlf/.Ajen6lviIhrNwKFPPZ.juRn6nLgvBi6 | integration  
Test | pass3 | $2a$04$6r2eBlucnE3/m0fDYgE3e.eI5akUx55qPMID3O/SlptCIqOFFcCPK | integration  
Brigi | pass1 | $2a$04$BkbZFudrQjtETU83hFiS3uWNsh7us3wOOnLF3yop9BByd9ZQLdIlq | production  



Code formatting guide
=====================

In IntelliJ IDEA:

1. Under File > Settings > Code style > Java
1. Select Manage
1. Import `java-google-style.xml` file
1. Select 'Copy to project' to make it the project default

Commit message:

add docker support to the project

README.md, after:

# Atsy [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/epam-debrecen-rft-2015/atsy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/epam-debrecen-rft-2015/atsy)
Applicant Tracking System

Building the project:
=========================
As easy as:

     mvn clean install

Running Atsy locally:
=========================

    mvn tomcat7:run

Pre: U have mysql locally which has a database called atsy, and a user in it with details:
     travis - no password

Running integration tests as part of the build:
===============================================

    mvn clean install -Pintegration

Running Atsy in docker:
=======================

Prerequirements:

* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/getstarted/step_one/) is installed
* For linux [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) is installed
* Maven is installed

Build atsy webapp image (after building the project):

    mvn -f web clean package -Pdocker

This command creates and registers a docker image called atsy.

Run atsy webapp (using production spring profile by default):

    docker-compose up
    
Run atsy webapp using integration spring profile:

    PROFILE=integration docker-compose up
    
Docker Compose will start a mysql database and the preconfigured atsy application.
Tomcat container exposes port 8080 on the host machine, which can bo overridden by setting PORT_MAPPING environment variable, like:

    PORT_MAPPING=8081:8080 docker-compose up
    
The above command maps tomcat container's 8080 port to host 8081 port.

Definition of Done
==================

1. Code is well-formatted:
  * Java source files should be formatted with `java-google-style.xml`
1. Code is well documented:
  * All public service methods have JavaDoc comments. 
  * Where necessary for understanding, non-public methods have JavaDoc as well. 
1. Data container objects have (Lombok can be used for method generation)
  * private fields
  * getter methods, 
  * setter methods,
  * toString() method overridden, 
  * hashCode() method overridden, 
  * equals() method overridden.
1. Logging is added
  * when an exepction happens,
  * when a significant event happens (user is deleted, candidate added, etc.). 
1. Database migrations scripts are honored:
  * Migration script is added if the changes require database modifications.
1. Project documentation is kept up-to-date:
  * README.md is updated if there are some changes in the application setup process.
1. Version control is kept clean:
  * Code is placed in a task related branch (feature branch)
  * Code for subtasks have a separate branch (sub-task branch)
  * Before pushing changes in branch which is not tracked remotely use git rebase
1. Pull request is created
1. Functionality does not break:
  * mvn tomcat7:run works (manual check)
  * changed feature does not break (manual check)
  * All unit tests pass
  * All integration tests pass
  * CI server could build the project
  * CI server could run tests
1. Functionality is complete:
  * Acceptance criteria is met
1. Functionality is covered with tests:
  * New classes are covered by unit and integration tests
  * Stories are covered with cucumber tests

Lombok
======

1. home page:
https://projectlombok.org/index.html

1. features:
https://projectlombok.org/features/

1. download:
https://projectlombok.org/download.html

1. installion details:
https://github.com/mplushnikov/lombok-intellij-plugin

User credentials
=================

User | Password | Stored hash | Environment description  
---- | -------- | ----------- | -----------------------  
Dev | pass2 | $2a$04$QSJkUouEDGfbWAtuxnlf/.Ajen6lviIhrNwKFPPZ.juRn6nLgvBi6 | integration  
Test | pass3 | $2a$04$6r2eBlucnE3/m0fDYgE3e.eI5akUx55qPMID3O/SlptCIqOFFcCPK | integration  
Brigi | pass1 | $2a$04$BkbZFudrQjtETU83hFiS3uWNsh7us3wOOnLF3yop9BByd9ZQLdIlq | production  



Code formatting guide
=====================

In IntelliJ IDEA:

1. Under File > Settings > Code style > Java
1. Select Manage
1. Import `java-google-style.xml` file
1. Select 'Copy to project' to make it the project default
